Johnny Gargano last week we talked about
the beginnings of your relationship with
Josh prohibition but let's touch on now
the past 12 months is certainly a lot
changed for the both of you after the
very first resolution and seemed we
started to see a change in Josh
prohibition after losing the champion
m.dogg 20 and certainly a change in your
life as well with your injury the last
12 months been roller coaster ride the
best way to describe it um let's go to
resolution you know me Bruce Lee Gregory
iron hard-fought match probably one of
the most brutal matches of my life to be
honest I hurt my back I was laying down
in the back after that match i hobbled
to the back laying down back complaining
about a back injury Josh getting ready
to go out he grabs me says johnny i need
your help me and I'm dog tonight I need
you my pack is in an immense amount of
pain like I an immense amount of pain
Jenna brofsky and he picks me up he
shows me out the door he says johnny i
need you I'm your friend I'm your mentor
I need your help tonight and I say Josh
you know fine that's fine I go out there
I try to help him I do the best of my
abilities doesn't get the job done he
loses them dog 20 I'm out for six months
over those six months from what happened
resolution I earned a PWO heavyweight
title shot and Josh I thought he was
happy for me you know every day to come
to my house help me rehab help me train
help me workout mat that's what really
irks me now because back then I thought
he was doing it for me to help me get
back into shape to come back and beat em
down 20 cuz I know I knew I knew I could
do it I knew I could be the pw
Heavyweight Championship something I've
wanted for so long and I knew I could do
it so he helped me he trained with me he
pushed me to the limit and now I
realized
once again you did it for himself he
didn't do it for me he did it so we can
have that match I'd been in the ring
with em dog 20 I can pour my heart my
soul my guts into that match just so he
could come just so he can come from
behind and capitalize on my hard work
and when what I wanted so badly and
that's the PTO Heavyweight Championship
that's what he did he did that all six
months of hard work that I put in the i
put in he come in a back door I have a
head the boom Charlie winter standard oh
I had the title was it m dog was out it
was done I just had to cover him all I
had to do is cover him and Josh jumps up
on the apron he says Johnny no don't do
it don't cover him and I said you know
Josh she's never steered me wrong in the
past the great thing the bathing they're
not doing everything worked in our favor
he knows what to do I trust him he's my
best friend I trust him what do i do I
pick him up I don't know where one two
three I lose Josh comes in the back door
wins the belt that wasn't that wasn't a
spur-of-the-moment thing I know
I know looking over the past several
months and seeing how josh has used you
to the benefit of his matches and seeing
the stark contrast of how you have
performed in your matches oftentimes not
needing or outright refusing the help of
Josh prohibition how did this evolution
come along in your state of mind from
being for lack of a better term alaki
into the man we see today see in my mind
I was never on Lackey Johnny Gargano was
never a lackey it was an equal
partnership sure Josh was my mentor he's
my teacher but I was never a lackey so
let's get that straight what Jenna
gergana was was he was a guy being told
by super hentai by M dog that he had
immense talent they appreciated my
talent in the ring and they just kept
saying you know the only thing wrong
with you the only problem we have with
you what's holding you back from what
you want is Josh prohibition and I
didn't get that at the time I thought
these guys were going to get me josh
Josh pulled me aside when I would say no
Johnny these guys they're out to get you
they're gonna they're gonna make you put
your guard down so this come come from
behind and that's what they do those are
the type of guys they are that's why we
have to do it first that was my mindset
you watch the tape Johnny Organo has
been the best performer in pro wrestling
I'll since the beginning and Josh
prohibition has been the biggest coward
in pro wrestling over here huh Pro
Wrestling will have since the beginning
that's basically it now looking into
resolution to a coming-of-age Sunday
afternoon august nine the nautica
pavilion you are face to face with the
man who in many respects created the
Johnny Gargano that we've seen over the
past two years created the mindset
created the attitude for his own
personal gain now stepping into the ring
potentially you're coming of age
against to our mentor for the top prize
from Weston Ohio yep what's on your mind
and what are your final words for Josh
prohibition watching at home now some
people here would use the adage don't
bite the hand that feeds you well I've
been fed from John's provision for a
while but the he's been feeding me table
scraps and I don't want these table
scraps anymore Dabrowski I'm sick of
them I'm still hungry I'm hungry for
what's on his plate I'm hungry for the
main course that's a pro wrestling Ohio
Heavyweight Championship Josh you write
about something you did create the
Johnny Organa you see and you kept me by
your side cuz you're afraid of me you
know as well as anybody in that locker
room that no one in progressing Ohio is
that sick is his diabolical and has that
killer instinct just like you Josh I I'm
not just guessing it I know it I'm
better than you and you know it too
August ninth resolution you're going to
you're going to meet your creation your
creations gonna come out and you're not
gonna like it very much buddy believe me
the johnny gargano you know and love the
johnny gargano that killed Gregory iron
that guy is gonna be there August night
that resolution and trust me
it's teacher vs student I think it's
time for the student to teach the
teacher a little bit see Josh I'm going
to teach you a lesson in respect a
lesson in Pride and I'm gonna teach you
a lesson and not to screw with Johnny
Gargano